README.md, before:

#### ayatana-indicator-updatenotifier: A simple system packages update checker.

The python module will show an Ayatana Indicator and notification pop-up when updates are available. Set this script to run on session startup, and it will check for updates every hour by default.

The icon and text to display in notification pop-up and the update check interval is configurable in the python module.

This is intended for desktop environments like XFCE or MATE that don't have a native PackageKit update watcher.
___
Use the distribution-specific cron jobs from package _cron-apt_ or _apticron_ or something like these hand-crafted ones:

##### $ cat /etc/cron.d/ayatana_indicator_updatenotifier
```
@reboot root /etc/cron.hourly/ayatana_indicator_updatenotifier
```
##### $ cat /etc/cron.hourly/ayatana_indicator_updatenotifier
```
#!/bin/sh

MAILTO=""

test -x /usr/bin/apt-get || exit 0

TIME_MIN="60"
TIME_MAX="180"
TIME_INT="$(/usr/bin/shuf -i $TIME_MIN-$TIME_MAX -n 1)"

/bin/sleep $TIME_INT
/usr/bin/apt-get update

exit $?
```
___
Use the usr-share helper script to watch for available package updates.
___
See the LICENSE file for how to be modified and distributed.

Requires: [PyGObject](https://lazka.github.io/pgi-docs/GObject-2.0/index.html), [gi.Gio](https://lazka.github.io/pgi-docs/Gio-2.0/index.html), [gi.GLib](https://lazka.github.io/pgi-docs/GLib-2.0/index.html), [gi.Gtk](https://lazka.github.io/pgi-docs/Gtk-3.0/index.html) and [AyatanaAppIndicator3](https://lazka.github.io/pgi-docs/AyatanaAppIndicator3-0.1/index.html)

Based on: [Dev1Galaxy - Software update notifications in XFCE](https://dev1galaxy.org/viewtopic.php?id=2641)

Commit message:

add ayatana-indicator-updatenotifier.desktop, install to /etc/xdg/autostart

README.md, after:

#### ayatana-indicator-updatenotifier: A simple system packages update checker.

The python module will show an Ayatana Indicator and notification pop-up when updates are available. By default, it will be started with autostart and checks for updates every hour.

The fallback icon and text to display in notification pop-up and the update check interval is configurable in the python module.

This is intended for desktop environments like XFCE or MATE that don't have a native PackageKit update watcher.
___
The _ayatana-indicator-updatenotifier.desktop_ file is installed to _/etc/xdg/autostart_. Remove it, if it should not be started automatically.
___
Use the distribution-specific cron jobs from package _cron-apt_ or _apticron_ or something like these hand-crafted ones:

##### $ cat /etc/cron.d/ayatana_indicator_updatenotifier
```
@reboot root /etc/cron.hourly/ayatana_indicator_updatenotifier
```
##### $ cat /etc/cron.hourly/ayatana_indicator_updatenotifier
```
#!/bin/sh

MAILTO=""

test -x /usr/bin/apt-get || exit 0

TIME_MIN="60"
TIME_MAX="180"
TIME_INT="$(/usr/bin/shuf -i $TIME_MIN-$TIME_MAX -n 1)"

/bin/sleep $TIME_INT
/usr/bin/apt-get update

exit $?
```
___
See the LICENSE file for how to be modified and distributed.

Requires: [PyGObject](https://lazka.github.io/pgi-docs/GObject-2.0/index.html), [gi.Gio](https://lazka.github.io/pgi-docs/Gio-2.0/index.html), [gi.GLib](https://lazka.github.io/pgi-docs/GLib-2.0/index.html), [gi.Gtk](https://lazka.github.io/pgi-docs/Gtk-3.0/index.html) and [AyatanaAppIndicator3](https://lazka.github.io/pgi-docs/AyatanaAppIndicator3-0.1/index.html)

Based on: [Dev1Galaxy - Software update notifications in XFCE](https://dev1galaxy.org/viewtopic.php?id=2641)
